[14.0][ADD] partner_supplierinfo_smartbutton: New addon. (#1444)
OCA/purchase-workflow: partner_supplierinfo_smartbutton/README.rst

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/14.0/partner_supplierinfo_smartbutton
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-14-0/purchase-workflow-14-0-partner_supplierinfo_smartbutton
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This addon adds a smart-button in the partners with the products you sell.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

> To use this module, you need to intall "contacts" addon.

Reviewer: And this seems something more of the install section

```suggestion
To use this module, you need to install "contacts" addon.
```

Usage
=====

> #. Go to *Contacts -> Azure Interior*.

Reviewer: You can't put demo data as usage instructions. Put the generic steps.

================================

> Partner Supplierinfo Smartbutton

Reviewer: More meaningful title: `Access supplied products from the vendor`

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/14.0/partner_supplierinfo_smartbutton
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-14-0/purchase-workflow-14-0-partner_supplierinfo_smartbutton
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This addon adds a smart-button in the partners with the products you sell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This addon adds a smart-button in the vendors with the supplied products.
```

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

> To use this module, you need to install "contacts" and "purchase" addons.

Reviewer: Still in the wrong section. It should be in install section

Usage
=====

> #. Go to *Contacts* and create new record (Vendor 1).

Reviewer: The usage instructions are still based in steps to do one specific example. You have to put the generic instructions. It should be like that:
```
#. Go to *Contacts* or *Purchase > Orders > Vendors*.
#. Access one of them clicking on it.
#. If it has supplier products, you will see an smart-button in the top part called "...".
#. Clicking on it...
```

You can put in the configure section what's needed for having a supplied product.
